In 2009, i sold all my possession and bought a one way ticket to Mexico. Little did I know that for the next 6 years i’d be living out of a backpack, jumping from a relationship to another, until I got married and divorced, and then more jumping around. That I’d ended meeting and talking care of some of the world most influential people. A few people told me they would of never had the balls to do it, to be honest I was just as scared as anyone else. But my fear of living a meaningless and boring life far overcame my fear of the unknown. I would learned latter that far from being from being something to be scared of, I would thrive on the unknown, propelling me to new heights. The cold October weather, no sun light, a meaningless low self esteem and the fact that I had know idea how to talk to women, even less how to satisfied them. I felt at the time, as I should, that I had very little to offer them. Depress, shy, incapable of talking to girls, dispirited by higher education, I decided I had enough, something had to change. After faking being confident, faking being someone I was not just because I thought it would be more appealing to others… I believed at the time, and still entertain the thought the days, that the school system is very poor environnement to learn. Being fascinated by pretty much everything, I had started and abandoned bachelor degrees in economy, architecture, environnemental sciences and businesses administration. Why you might ask, simply because I felt I was learning nothing and if I ever wanted to learn anything they were teaching I could just read the school book by myself… sure I would not get a shiny diploma to show my parents bu I would learn the exact same thing none the less. I figured real learning had to happen in the real world. Wanna learn languages, anthropology, architecture, wold economy, world politics, geography, go travel the world and live what you want to learn. It is with this belief that I would learn to become a man, even if I sill feel like a kid inside. I learned  Spanish and Portuguese, how to invest in such a way that in a few year my student loan, which I used to invest in the stock market, would be turned into a nice pilled of money, how to satisfied a women sexually, how to talk myself into a three way, why dating two girl at the same time is a plan for disaster, how empty inside inside you feel after having sex didn’t connect with, the pleasures of drugs, the pleasure and downsides of burning the candle at both ends, the ups and downs of marriage that ends in a spectacular manner, the ups and downs of starting a business, getting screwed by your best friend, your employees, your partners… 

A thirst to see the world, curiosity for languages and culture. A willingness to know thy self, some old fashion adventure seeking. But mainly, their existed a vast outline of shame underlining everything else. If I was completely honest with myself, I knew their was screwed values…entitlement, commitment issues

I would spend the following years over compensating for the inadequacies and social anxieties of my teenage years by screwing and fucking everything that moved.

I was overwelmed

Travelling, I felt like I could be anyone I ever wanted, be friend with anybody I wanted, love anybody I wanted, have sex with anybody I wanted without ever worrying about what my so call friends back home would ever thing. Most of my life up to that point had been controlled by social pressure and anxiety. By wanted to be accepted I learned to adapt to others expectations of me, losing a bit more of my true identity every day. Feeling uncomfortable in my own skin. Know that I was finally free I wondered why I would ever commit to one single relationship or one single social group, or city, or country. The world was mine, I had never felt so in touch with myself, never felt so empowered so in control of the present and future me. Never felt so me, without looking for social acceptance I became unique and interesting, and is then that I started feeling people for the opposite sex were attracted to me. To more I became myself, the less I was impersonating what I believe others wanted to see in me, the more I felt I had something to offer and the more I felt attractive, the more I felt attractive, the more people found me attractive. It was, in a way a self fulfilling prophecy. 

Grandiose sense of connectivity to the world

bounce back and forward across countries 

lasted over 6 years.

visited over 25 countries

superficial high design to numb my underlining pain.

fantastic life, filled with adventures, dream girl, beach, culture, sun, for a moment I felt I had it all. 

It seemed so profound and so meaningless at the same time and still does. Most of my greatest life lessons and character defining moments have been learned during my travels. Most of my adulthood has been spend around the world, it became a defining part of who I am. A nomad that will grab the best opportunities life has to offer without being limited by location. 

It is ironic that I would feel so at home sleeping on couches half way accros the world after having felt like a stranger in my own country the main part of my youth. Unbound by social pressure, a man would grow where a kid once stood. 

success with women as in life, stems not from thriving to be a winner, but from knowing who you are and accepting it, and being honest about it. 


